parse-email-files - Email From not being parsed correctly (#15143)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_4_41.md

#### Scripts
##### ParseEmailFiles

> - Fixed an issue where the sending address was incorrect in case the email's 'From' header contained '\r\n'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the 'From' header was parsed incorrectly in case it was multi-lined in a windows format.
```
